Update README.md (#1047)
alipay/fury: README.md

- **Zero-copy**: cross-language out-of-band serialization inspired
  by [pickle5](https://peps.python.org/pep-0574/) and off-heap read/write.
- **High performance**: A highly-extensible JIT framework to generate serializer code at runtime in an async multi-thread way to speed serialization, providing 20-170x speed up by:

>     - reduce memory access by an inline variables in generated code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - reduce memory access by inlining variables in generated code.
```

In addition to cross-language serialization, Fury also features at:

- Drop-in replace Java serialization frameworks such as JDK/Kryo/Hessian without modifying any code, but 100x faster. 
  It can greatly improve the efficiency of high-performance RPC calls, data transfer, and object persistence.

> - JDK serialization is **100% compatible**: JDK `writeObject/readObject/writeReplace/readResolve/readObjectNoData/Externalizable` serialization API supported, **JDK8~21** supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **100% compatible** with JDK serialization: supporting JDK `writeObject/readObject/writeReplace/readResolve/readObjectNoData/Externalizable` serialization API. 
- Supports **JDK8~21**, Java 17+ `record` is supported too.
```
